# MATH QUIZ

#### Video Demo: <https://youtu.be/lvhZaXo4L2A?si=MQ72JzHAw77FjtpA>

#### Description: I used the 'sys' and 'math' libraries to code this program. When you start the program it will welcome you and it will ask you to choose a level, and after you do, the game starts (if your input is invalid, it will re-ask you). you must answer 5 questions in each level and then after you are done (doesn't matter if you won or not) you will be restarted and have to re-run the program. Provides 3 different levels, gives randomized cheers, gives randomized questions, fun to play, kina more like a game rather than a quiz/test. In the 'project.py' file, we have the main code and I also implemented couple of functions in there so that they can be run in the 'test_project.py' file, and the 'test_project.py' is for 'pytest'. Also, the 'requirements.txt' file describes the libraries which I've used and, THAT'S IT! Now you may ask what each part of the code does, so let's do a quick walkthrough.... At first I implemented a code which asks the user input and checks whether or not it is valid, if it's not, then it will re-ask the user until they finally input a valid answer, after that, they will begin the MATH QUIZ!!! If you chose level 1, the questions wouldn't really be that hard, really just some elementary math questions. If you choose level 2, another operator would be added and that alone is enough to make the game more fun, but if you choose level 3... well level 3 not only requires you to do division, but it also expects you to be able to take the floor of it! if that's not enough, let me tell you another thing: IT ALSO GIVES YOU BIGGER NUMBERS! yes quite frightening, for example imagine you should answer "15*12"... well you might as well just say a random answer just so you can skip it AHAHAHAHA, JK ofcourse, don't do that. Another thing which i've added is that it will give you a randomized cheer everytime you answer correctly, which I think adds a "Personality" to the quiz, it kinda feel interactive and live if you know what i mean. And also if you answer incorrectly, it will show funny emojis. I ADDED THESE EMOJIS JUST FOR FUN, PLEASE DON'T TAKE THEM SERIOUSLY. Oh yes and in the end, it will show you your score and guess what, it will show it's reaction to your score by showing you emojis AHAHAHAHA. For example if you get a Zero it will laugh, again i would like to repeat: please don't take the emojis seriously, they're just there so that the quiz/game can be a bit more fun. And also the emojis which I have used are available on Windows(The OS) by just pressing "windowskey + period". It was fun to make it and I think I did quite a good job with it, I also tested it and I think it is free of bugs, so yes. I SINCERLY RECOMMEND IT AHAHAHAHA.
